A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
A friend is, as it were, a second self.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
A jug fills drop by drop.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart.
Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Action is eloquence.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
All great achievements require time.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
All is flux; nothing stays still.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
All serious daring starts from within.
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
All wisdom does not reside in Delhi.
Almost everything comes from nothing.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others.
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic.
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
Appearances are often deceiving.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer.
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
Be as you wish to seem.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
Change in all things is sweet.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
Do more than dream: work.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Ethics change with technology.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage.
Friendship is Love without his wings!
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
God always takes the simplest way.
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
He who angers you conquers you.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size?
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better.
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying.
I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
I think and that is all that I am.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex.
I took a speed-reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise.
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
If you want to go east, don't go west.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
Ignorance never settles a question.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
Imagination rules the world.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Independence is happiness.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
It is good even for old men to learn wisdom.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button.
Joy is the best makeup.
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people.
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
Love and friendship exclude each other.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
Love is a serious mental disease.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things.
Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense.
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
Much wisdom often goes with fewest words.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
Never promise more than you can perform.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Never, never, never give up.
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
No garden is without its weeds.
No man is free who is not master of himself.
No man was ever wise by chance.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise. But when Governor Romney and his allies in Congress tell us we can somehow lower our deficit by spending trillions more on new tax breaks for the wealthy - well, you do the math. I refuse to go along with that. And as long as I'm President, I never will.
No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
One fails forward toward success.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
Only do what your heart tells you.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Our intention creates our reality.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
Our passion is our strength.
Our shared values define us more than our differences. And acknowledging those shared values can see us through our challenges today if we have the wisdom to trust in them again.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.
Silence is a source of great strength.
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
Skill to do comes of doing.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
So much technology, so little talent.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
Technology has to be invented or adopted.
Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born.
Technology is teaching us to be human again.
Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories.
Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable.
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah.
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
The beginning is always today.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
The cautious seldom err.
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
The doors of wisdom are never shut.
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
The great myth of our times is that technology is communication.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark.
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk.
The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade.
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
The only journey is the one within.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
The problem with Google is you have 360 degrees of omnidirectional information on a linear basis, but the algorithms for irony and ambiguity are not there. And those are the algorithms of wisdom.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
The simplest things are often the truest.
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.
The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom.
The way a woman carries herself and the way she dresses ought to promote the following types of words: modesty, discretion, wisdom, beauty, elegance and refinement, but not sensuality, luxury, extravagance.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
The wisest men follow their own direction.
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
The years teach much which the days never know.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
There is nothing permanent except change.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
To choose what is difficult all one's days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind, he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
True friends stab you in the front.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
Vanity can easily overtake wisdom. It usually overtakes common sense.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
We are wiser than we know.
We can only learn to love by loving.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
We know what we are but know not what we may be.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
Well begun is half done.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
What we think, we become.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.
When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
Where there is love there is life.
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
Who sows virtue reaps honor.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
Wisdom begins at the end.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next.
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings.
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
You always succeed in producing a result.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
You give before you get.
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
You only lose what you cling to.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger.
You win the victory when you yield to friends.
You'll see it when you believe it.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.